a domain names such as ww3 webstore org
is the address that people use to find
your store online it's what you type
into a browsers address bar when you
want to visit a specific website when a
store is created we automatically
provide a unique address for it's based
on the free webstore dog domain name for
example something like WWF free webstore
org forward slash my store name
you don't have to use this address
though and you are free to obtain your
own domain name at any time and link
that to your store instead
in fact we recommend that you obtain
your own unique domain name as not only
does it give your store a more
professional image it can also help your
store perform a little better on search
engines like Google there are a large
number of websites that you can use to
cheaply register a domain name some of
the more popular choices include GoDaddy
calm and 1 2 3 red code at UK both of
these domain name registrars also offer
full dns management to standard which is
something that will come in useful a
little later once you've decided where
you want to register your domain name
you'll need to have a think about what
domain name you want to use all domain
name registrars should allow you to
search for the domain you had in mind to
check if it is available and to find out
if it has already been registered by
someone else to help your store perform
well on search engines it can be a good
idea to include words that you think
your customers may search for if
possible your main names can't be bought
instead they are leased or hired for a
set period of time typically 1 or 2
years when that time is up
the current owner has the option to
renew their registration once you have
found a domain name you want to register
select the length of time you would like
to register it for and add it to your
basket
some domain name registrars also suggest
other similar domain names when you
search so make sure that you are only
registering the one that you want once
you have decided on your domain name and
have it added to your baskets
continue through the registration and
payment process
after you have registered your domain
name you'll need to carry out a few DNS
changes to the domain name in order to
point it to your store in this example
we'll take a look at how to do this
using the 1-2-3 reg control panel but we
also provide a video showing how to
manage the DNS of a domain name
registered through GoDaddy once in the
one to three reg control panel you'll
see a your domains drop-down menu
containing your domain name with your
domain name selected in the drop down
menu click the manage button on the next
page select the managed DNS option under
the advanced domain settings heading
then click the advanced DNS tab
you'll then be shown a list of all
current DNS records if your domain name
still uses the default settings there
should be two records shown the first
record shows an app symbol in the DNS
entry column we need to update this to
change the number shown in the
destination slash target column these
numbers are known as an IP address to do
this simply click on the pencil icon on
the right and the fields will become
editable you can then update the
destination slash target to use the
following values 9 1 2 0 1 2 0 0.10 once
that has been updated click the Save
button
the second record in the list shows www
in the DNS entry column we need to
completely remove this record and then
create another in its place to do this
click on the trash can icon to the right
once that record has been deleted we can
use the fields below to add a new entry
in the host name box enter www next
select cname from the type drop-down
menu
and finally enter shop dot free webstore
org dot in the destination field please
ensure that you include the final dot at
the end of that address some domain name
registrars require it others don't but
it's best to try to include it if it
isn't required most registrar's will
remove it for you or display a warning
message about earth once the DNS record
has been entered click the add new entry
button
it can take up to 48 hours for the DNS
changes to filter through and become
active although it generally only takes
a few hours because of this we recommend
you take a break at this point and
return to attach your domain name to
your store a little later
once enough time has passed login to
your control panel
and visit the marketing domain name
section
just work through the steps shown on the
page do you already have a domain name
yes in step 2 you're asked where you
registered the main name will then show
specific help information explaining how
to carry out that required DNS changes
for that registrar as we have already
done this we can move straight on to
step 3 we just need to enter the domain
name and click continue the system then
performs a check to make sure that the
DNS changes have propagated in this
example we can see that the changes have
filtered through so we just need to
confirm and the domain name will be
attached to the store if you encounter a
problem at this stage you may simply
need to wait a little while longer for
the DNS changes to propagate remember
this can take up to 48 hours if you
continue to experience problems with
this feel free to contact our support
team and we'll do our best to help and
that's it once attached correctly you
should see your store when you visit
your domain name